Simplifying HTTP basic password policy. (#14105)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/settings-file.asciidoc

It should meet default password policy which requires non-empty minimum 8 char string that includes a digit, upper case letter and lower case letter.
The default password policy can be customized by following options:

* Set `api.auth.basic.password_policy.include.digit` `REQUIRED` (default) to accept only passwords that include at least one digit or `OPTIONAL` to exclude from requirement.
* Set `api.auth.basic.password_policy.include.upper` `REQUIRED` (default) to accept only passwords that include at least one upper case letter or `OPTIONAL` to exclude from requirement.
* Set `api.auth.basic.password_policy.include.lower` `REQUIRED` (default) to accept only passwords that include at least one lower case letter or `OPTIONAL` to exclude from requirement.
* Set `api.auth.basic.password_policy.include.symbol` `REQUIRED` to accept only passwords that include at least one special character or `OPTIONAL` (default) to exclude from requirement.
* Set `api.auth.basic.password_policy.length.minimum` to a value from 9 to 1024 if you want to require more than the 8 character default setting for passwords.

| _N/A_

| `api.auth.basic.password_policy.mode`

> | Raises either `WARN` or `ERROR` message when password requirements are not met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| When the API's Basic auth is enabled and configured with a password whose complexity does not match the policy, either emits a `WARN`-level message to the logs or causes an `ERROR` that prevents Logstash from starting.
```

Author: I will follow up this since this does not block FF.

| `allow_superuser`
| Setting to `true` to allow or `false` to block running Logstash as a superuser.
| `true`

> 

Author: Thanks @roaksoax, missed this part. I 💯 agree to your point.
